A special event took place on December 16, 2017
that was a milestone in the history of Jehovah's Witnesses in Italy.
Around 8,000 witnesses attended at a sports arena in Rome.
Brothers were also tied in from all the Kingdom Halls and assembly halls throughout Italy
and Italian-speaking Switzerland.
The first part of the program allowed the audience to relive the history
of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in Italy.
In the 1950s and 60s, it was difficult to obtain a copy of the Bible.
People could only purchase them from the few religious bookstores than existing.
During those years, many who were interested in God's word
flooded into the congregations.
In order to provide them with Bibles, large quantities of various editions
were bought and then distributed at cost.
However, those editions were not always available.
So when in January 1967, it was announced that the New World Translation
of the Holy Scriptures in Italian would be printed.
There was great excitement among the brothers,
who could finally all use the same translation of God's word.
There have been constant improvements made to the New World Translation through the years
and it has been made available in various formats and editions.
On December 16, 2017, Brother Samuel Heard, a member of the governing body,
presented the new revised edition of the New World Translation in Italian.
By now, you may be thinking, what about the New World Translation in our language?
And now, we will never be revised like the New World Translation in English.
The translation of the New World will never be revised like that one in English.
What do you think is in this package?
What do you think is there in this package?
I was so moved, it brought me to tears.
I was near Sam Elderly once when the Bible was released,
just thinking about their endurance through the years
and now to be holding a new revised edition of the Bible,
it really touched me to see their joy when they received it.
It was really moving, very touching to see the brothers open their Bibles and leave through them.
They had been waiting for years.
I felt like a little child, I was so excited.
Like when you know your dad's going to give you a present, you know it's coming,
but you don't know when. And when it arrives, you just jump for joy.
My name is Mathia and this Bible is my present from Jehovah.
I can't wait to read the Bible all over again from the beginning.
It will definitely make daily Bible reading more enjoyable.
I really felt Jehovah's tender care for me, I was so happy.
All 284,258 attending the event in Rome or tied in from other locations
received a copy of the much awaited gift.
An expression of the deep love of Jehovah, the author of the Holy Bible.